Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Excuse me.
Manager Woo?
Something the matter?
Sir. take a look at this.
A C-rank dungeon raid consisting of eight
hunters. six of whom were killed in action.
A D-rank and an E-rank are the
only ones who made it out alive.
I imagine they fled.
happens all the time.
You would think.
but they defeated the boss and
cleared the dungeon before leaving.
Hm.
D-rank hunter Jinho Yoo seems
to have been armed with expensive
gear that might explain how the two
lowest ranked were able to survive.
What's the issue then?
You're making a report
here. not stating a problem.
Oh. right!
What caught my attention
is that the other hunter was
also a survivor of that
double dungeon incident.
It's Jinwoo Sung. sir.
He was the E-rank?
Hm.
Yes. and another thing
worth noting. sir.
is that one of the six
deceased is Dongsuk Hwang.
The infamous Dongsoo Hwang's older brother.
I can see why you
brought this to me.
I'm home.
Hey. welcome back.
Is that fried chicken?
What's the occasion? Something
good must have happened.
Could be good. could be bad.
I'm not really sure yet.
Let's just say I've got
our bills covered for now.
Including mom's.
Yeah. that's not weird at all coming
from a cheapskate like you.
Oh. yeah!
I've been meaning to ask
about how that thing went.
Hm?
Your raid?
Clearly it paid well enough.
But you didn't end up in
the hospital this time.
so your party was
super strong. right?
Yeah. guess so.
I bet you beat the
bad guys easily.
I really did.
Everything about that
moment was easy.
When the time came.
I didn't hesitate for a second.
If anything. I resented them for
thinking they were even close to my league.
The old me definitely would have
tried to find a way out of it.
Has leveling up also
made me braver?
Those weren't magic beasts. though.
They were humans.
Jinwoo?
Hey. is everything alright
with you over there?
Yeah. thought I might have forgotten
to grab a change. but I was wrong.
Man. are you serious?
Is that all?
Ah. screw it
What matters is getting stronger so
I can stay alive and help my family.
Whoever tries to stop
me will be just as dead.
Hm?
What?
A harmful substance?
Detoxing?
Alright. I'm finished.
Oh. well then if you're really
done. is it okay if I eat the rest?
Sure. but don't cry to me
when you put on weight.
I'm not even buzzed.
A buff from the system must be
killing the effects of the alcohol.
Like a status effect. maybe?
A blessing?
Health and longevity.
Disables toxic and abnormal conditions.
Improved regenerative capacity.
That's right.
My reward for the double dungeon.
So much has happened since then.
I guess I never checked it out.
Certainly explains why my
missing limbs came back.
But there's still a lot I don't know.
Hey. sorry to bother you. but you've got
a call from some guy named Jinho Yoo.
Be right there.
Huh?
Whoa. easy on
the beer. dude.
It's poison and I can't.
I'm not dying
from beer. Jinah.
When I become a doctor.
don't expect me to treat you.
I know this is out of the blue.
so thanks for meeting me.
I didn't think I'd
ever see you again.
I'm glad. though.
I'd be a dead man if it
weren't for you. boss.
Yeah. well. giving me your share of
the essence stones helped me out. too.
And you've kept quiet. so I
consider us pretty much square.
Of course. I mean. why would I blab?
I know you only did that in self-defense.
It was either them or us.
Anyway. what's up?
I'd really like to put together a strike
team and thought that you would......
That's a hard pass.
You're gonna decline
without hearing any details?
I'm not interested in
humoring some trust fund kid.
Just 20 raids!
No. 19 more is all I ask!
Oddly specific.
What. do you want to be a guildmaster?
Exactly. so hear me out. boss.
I'm begging you!
Fine. go on.
Okay!
I figure you know the steps to become a
guildmaster since you caught on so quickly.
But yes. I need at
least 20 raids worth of
experience to get my
license. and I'm 19 away.
I haven't done any more
since the one we did.
There's a written test. too.
but I've studied my whole life
to inherit Yoojin Co.
so I'll ace that.
It's just the hands-on stuff
You're the second son of
Yoojin Construction's CEO.
This is all related to the
company. believe it or not.
You see. my father is in the
process of forming a guild.
For a construction company?
Yes
As dangerous as dungeons are. the
treasures inside them justify the risk.
Essence stones and Mana crystals
are only the tip of the iceberg.
The remains of higher-ranked beasts
are used for a number of things.
If it's found in a dungeon. chances
are it holds some monetary value.
So. basically. you want a group of hunters
who you employ to go around clearing gates.
Then your corporation cashes in.
Man. you are sharp.
Yeah. my dad wants to run
the guild like a business.
So he'll hire an S-rank
hunter to be the leader.
and then my brother
will be the VP.
An S-rank?
There are seven in
the whole country.
Right?
The only one not affiliated with the guild
is Byung-gyu Min. but he retired already.
Wait. so he's gonna
poach one of them?
Might want to
rethink that plan.
You'll gain a leader. but
you'll also make an enemy.
Sure. but since my brother hasn't awakened.
he's out of the running completely.
So you're gonna rack up enough
experience to be qualified.
and change your father's mind.
Yes. that's the goal.
So help yourself by helping me.
You want to raid while
hiding your power. don't you?
And I want to raid with
hunters who are lower-ranked.
If I can succeed with an
E-rank as opposed to an S.
my dad will be much
more convinced.
Boss has to be B-rank.
No. he's way stronger.
Picking the wrong person
for this could get me killed.
But if it's him...
Take a look.
That building was going
to be the HQ for the guild.
It's appraised for 30 billion
and will keep going up.
19 successful raids
from now. it's all yours.
19 C-rank raids
for 30 billion.
There was a time I would've
jumped at an offer like that.
But now. I'm the sole person who
can level up. and that changes things.
If I keep increasing my stats.
I could even reach S-rank.
Or maybe go beyond that.
30 billion is honestly chump
change with that in mind.
And I'm still not sure how
leveling up will affect me.
So I really don't like the idea
of working with somebody else.
It's just too risky.
I'm sorry!
Boss. hang on!
Work with me on this.
And I swear to you. I'll take
your secret to the grave!
I want details on
the two survivors.
Get me their info ASAP.
Mr. Hwang?
Forgive the intrusion. but
I have those documents.
My brother was murdered.
Do you have any evidence
that your brother.....
Intel.
Right. here you are sir.
Laura. what are the consequences
of killing someone abroad?
Are you serious?
If you do so in a country
with an extradition
treaty for all
hunter-related crimes.
You would have to stand trial there.
But if they don't
have such a treaty.
You'd be sent home
for prosecution.
And in that case?
You may be able to negotiate for a
reduced sentence if you're tried here.
Clear my schedule.
Sudden changes will disrupt the guild
and business will grind to a halt. sir.
How far am I booked out?
For the immediate future.
Then it can wait.
But pencil it in.
Of course. Mr. Hwang.
Thank you for understanding.
D-rank hunter Jinho Yoo.
E-rank hunter Jinwoo Sung.
You bastards better stay alive
till I have time to deal with you.
You've never exercised
much before. so why now?
Well. all I ever do is study.
It's like super unhealthy.
Right. so much worse than eating
a whole mountain of chicken.
Hey. if we had 30 billion.
what would you do with it?
Where is this coming from?
Just curious.
A chunk would go to mom's bills.
And another for college.
Then what?
Save it?
I don't know?
It's too unrealistic?
Yeah. right?
Don't try to keep up with me. okay?
What the heck. JinWoo?
Geez. even E-rank hunters are extra.
Hold on. go back.
11 out of 10.
So it tracks how much I run
even after I hit the goal.
All right. then.
Let's see how
far I can go.
All right. finally.
I was starting to think I
would never catch up to you.
I'm gonna run a little more.
More?
Maxed out at 20 kilometers.
Let's check the others.
The daily quest became a secret quest
because I doubled all of the reps?
Yes.
Oh. a choice of
random loot boxes.
Well. I'm doing the
blessed one. easy.
Another key?
The Demon's Castle.
S-rank?
What?
There's a magical cure-all in there.
The Elixir of Life.
Seems too good to be true.
But if this Elixir really
cures any illness.
My mind's made up.
I'm going.
The acquisition difficulty probably
matches the dungeon's level.
Which means this one's S-rank.
Whatever's in here will be on the same
level as the Jeju Island dungeon break.
The one even S-rank
hunters couldn't contain.
Do I even have a chance
against threats of that level?
I'd be lying if I said
I wasn't scared.
But the second it
gets too intense.
I'll use the teleportation stone I
saved from the instance dungeon.
I won't give in to fear.
I can't get stronger that way.
I'll fight. I'll level up.
and take what's mine.
I refuse to die in
a place like this.
I've hardly damaged it.
And that's with the buff
of my wolf assassin title.
No dice. huh?
A warning!
That attack sapped
half of my health.
It doubled its stats?
Too fast.
No. no. no!
Only one choice.
More recovery. now!
Yes. that worked!
No warnings won't stop.
The system is doing everything
it can to ensure I don't die.
Because I'm the player.
Don't have to be a genius to tell this
is far from a normal reawakening.
That rage status will go
away in three minutes.
Too risky to test my luck.
Might be time to...
Is it even possible to survive this?
A few more hits and I'm done for
But there's gotta be a way.
That's right. I have a store.
It's in my price range.
I'll take three.
One just heals a hundred HP.
Not enough.
Poison?
Huh? Whoa. easy
on the beer. dude.
It's poison in a can't..
I'm not dying
from beer. Jinah.
I have to try.
Here we go.
Not yet.
I'm still in this.
The rage effect wore off!
Let's see what I dropped.
I should've figured.
And the last key is... I bet it's for
the gate Cerberus was guarding.
What the?
It's for the Elixir.
No way!
That fight helped
me gauge my limits.
I know if I go in that castle. I'll die.
So....
I'll get stronger
and come back.
Count on it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today